small cleaning of quantization class (#42633)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/quantization/contribute.md

    - `is_trainable`:  A property method to determine whether you can fine-tune models on top of the quantization method (with or without PEFT approaches).

4. Write the `validate_environment` and `update_dtype` methods. These methods are called before creating the quantized model to ensure users use the right configuration. Refer to other quantizers for an example of it is implemented.

5. Write the `_process_model_before_weight_loading` method. In Transformers, the quantized models are initialized first on the `"meta"` device before loading the weights. This means the `_process_model_before_weight_loading` method takes care of manipulating the model skeleton to replace some modules ([nn.Linear](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/generated/torch.nn.Linear.html)) with the target modules (quantization modules).

You can define module replacement logic or any other utility method by creating a new file in [transformers/src/integrations/](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/abbffc4525566a48a9733639797c812301218b83/src/transformers/integrations) and exposing the relevant methods in that folder's `__init__.py` file. 

> 6. Write the `get_quantize_ops` method if the quantization method supports quantizing on the fly. In transformers, we materialize each tensor and apply a sequence of different operations. In our case, the quantization ops happens at the end. You need to create a `XXXQuantize` class that has a `convert` method. In the `convert` method, you need to quantize the weights and return a dictionary of quantized params.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Add the `get_quantize_ops` method to the quantizer class if the quantization supports quantizing on the fly. In transformers, we materialize each tensor and apply a sequence of different operations on it. In our case, the quantization operation happens at the end. You need to create a `XXXQuantize`,  a subclass of `ConversionOps`, and add a `convert` method. In the `convert` method, you need to quantize the weights and return a dictionary of quantized params.
```
